CHAPTER 1 - BILL OF RIGHTS, CONSTITUTION AND JUSTICE ACT

PREFACE

1.   This act was cited as the Bill of Rights, Constitution and Justice Act, MMXVII.
2.   The short title for this act is Constitution Act, 2017.

CONSTITUTION ACT

1.   The divisions of the 3rd Kingdom of Baustralia—provinces—are made up of Holderton County, Mild Pond, Forest Creek, Norfolk, Flavora, Wooler, and Landspotter and the personal possessions of His Majesty (inc. HM’s District).
2.   Any land except that under personal possession of His Majesty, is subject to the Justice and Law Act, 2017 written in the constitution at article 2, §1. Personal possessions of His Majesty are subject to constitution article 2, §2.
3.   The head of parliament is not permitted to stay in the position for 4 consecutive terms (Except under the special permission of HM or vote by parliament if HM is incapacitated).
4.   His Majesty, Parliament, and House of Commons may impeach/abolish one of the 3 parties if they have the support of the other 2 and a public vote.
 a)   The House of Commons can be abolished with the support of His Majesty, the Parliament, and a public vote of 40%.
 b)   The Parliament can be abolished with the support of HM, the House of Commons, and a public vote of 50%.
5.   His Majesty can be forced to abdicate with the support of the House of Commons, the Parliament, and a public vote of 65%.
 a)   If an electoral vote does not have any party that can form a government then His Majesty decides how the government will be formed.
 b)   A minority government can be formed with 2 minorities if they both are within a 3% range of one another.
6.   Any administrative article may be amended and edited with a majority vote in Parliament and House of Commons with HM’s consent.
 a)   A referendum is required in any bill that will change the form of government.
 b)   A referendum can be initiated if the monarch or parliament deems it necessary.
 c)   A referendum is required for separation of any provinces. 
7.   Any member of government has the right to leave their post and resign. (They may be subject to prosecution if the PM or HM believes it is harmful to the state.)
8.   The eldest Child of HM will become the heir presumptive/apparent and future monarch.
 a)   If there is no heir apparent nor an heir presumptive, HM will appoint the Duke of Cascadia as the heir presumptive.
9.   HM is at the liberty of the government of Baustralia and Canada to transfer the personal provinces of HM to either of them if necessary due to conflict.
10.  Baustralia is under the protection of NATO, Canada, and the Baustralian Armed Forces if it ever was to be on the defensive side of an armed conflict.
11.  All members of government must take a vow to the protection of the crown and parliament.
 a)   A person may be exempt from this if:
  i.   They feel threatened by a high member of government or the crown.
  ii.  They are actively associating with a reformist party on the form of government.
  iii. They are medically unable to give a vow.
 b)   The vow applies to:
  i.   HM and the Royal Family
  ii.  The Prime Minister
  iii. The Chiefs of Staff
  iv.  The 1st Secretary of State
  v.   All parliamentary secretaries of state
  vi.  The Cabinet Secretary
  vii. Ministers of State
  viii.Parliamentary Under-Secretaries of state
  ix.  His Majesty’s Loyal Opposition
12.  All ministers of state are directly appointed, and formally dismissed at pleasure by HM under the advice of the PM.
 a)   A minister may be given the courteous option to resign rather than be formally dismissed.
13.  The parliament of Baustralia takes votes on different bills on the status of government, each vote is counted equally and carefully, one at a time, and called by the speaker.
14.  The regent of the crown will be the next person in the line of succession, under the monarch’s approval. If the monarch disapproves, the regent will be the PM. If the heir and the PM disapproves, there will be no regent until the next PM is elected.
15.  Every citizen of Baustralia has the same rights, freedoms, and responsibilities as any other citizen not discriminating on any basis of sex, race, religion, etc.
16.  Only dogs, cats, gerbils, rabbits, pigs, cows, birds, lizards, snakes, sheep, goats, llamas, parrots, donkeys, fish, porcupines, humans, horses, camels, kangaroos, and apes are certified as pets and any other animals in possession without a zoological licence will be forcefully evicted and sent to a suitable zoo or organization.
17.  The official language of Baustralia is English and French and all institutions, private or government, must provide services in English and/or French.
18.  All citizens of Baustralia are permitted an audience with HM to settle small disputes between each other.

LAW

1.   The law regarding anybody, but HM, is as follows: 
 a)   No one shall commit any form of murder, whether it be genocide, homicide, hit-and-run or manslaughter. Sentence: Min. 5 yr.
 b)   No one shall steal from any citizen by: ransacking, robbing, etc. Sentence: Min. 1 yr.
 c)   No one shall commit arson, or other acts of destruction, or vandalism. Sentence: Min. 6 mo.
 d)   No one shall sexually assault or harass. Sentence: Min. 3 mo.
 e)   The death penalty is also out ruled. The jury may not rule a death penalty no matter how harsh the crime.
 f)   All evidence MUST be considered for a ruling to be viable.
2.   HM is exempt from all law, provided he have proved enough evidence they had the lawful right to do so, and was to protect the citizens of the third kingdom of Baustralia.
3.   If a law is broken, Canadian authorities may apprehend the perpetrator.

RIGHTS

1.   Same sex marriage is legal in all provinces.
2.   Abortion is legal in all provinces
3.   One is not to discriminate anyone, for their race, gender, sexuality, etc.
4.   Anyone may vote, provided they are or are over the age of 14.
 a)   All criminals may vote, unless a court specifically says so.
