CHAPTER 2 - AN ACT TO REPLACE THE CONSTITUTION OF BAUSTRALIA

PREFACE

Whereas His Most Excellent Majesty does not like the current constitution, we, the parliament shall please him by, with the aid of a previous act, repeal the previous constitution and update it with this act.
After the previous act came into effect, it invalidated the previous constitution and this one shall replace it.
This Act shall be known as Constitution Act, 2018.
Provisions of this Act referring to His Majesty the King extend also to the Heirs and Successors of His Majesty, Kings and Queens of the Kingdom of Baustralia.

UNION

-GENERAL

The enclaves shall number eleven and be separated by Canada, and other foreign lands. These are the provinces of Baustralia, each named:
I.   Cornwall
II.  Daytona
III. Flavora
IV.  Greystone County
V.   Holderton
VI.  Landspotter
VII. London
VIII.Mild Pond
IX.  New Texas
X.   Smithfield
XI.  Trenton
The capital shall be the Dukedom of Cascadia, and be inherited by the first officeholder as prime minister. He who shall inherit the capital shall be known as His/Her Grace the Duke/Duchess of Cascadia.

-UNION OF THE PROVINCES OF HOLDERTON COUNTY, TREMUR, FOREST CREEK, AND HIS MAJESTY’S DISTRICT

These four provinces and the sole territory of His Majesty shall be unionized to form one province known as Holderton. The Dukedom of Tremur shall not be abolished and shall claim the same territory as before.

EXECUTIVE POWER

The Executive Government and Authority of and over Baustralia is hereby declared to continue and be vested in the King. The Commander-in-Chief of all Military Forces, of and in Baustralia, is hereby declared to continue and be vested in the King.

LEGISLATURE

There shall be One Parliament for Baustralia, consisting of the King, an Upper House styled the House of the Lords Spiritual, and Regular and Peers, and shorter: House of Lords, and the House of Commons.
Peers in the House of Lords shall number no more than fifty.
Members in the House of Commons shall number as many as the number of provinces.
Any increase of numbers to these legislations shall be made through an act of parliament or by letters-patent.
Acts shall obtain majority vote in the House of Commons, and shall be assented royally to be made law.
Terms shall be set at four years long, and the incumbent may only hold that office for no more than four consecutive terms.

OATHS

All oaths taken shall, in accordance with this Act shall be viewed, electronically, or physically, with the full face of the oath taker visible.
The first oath in each category are to be read if the oath taker is Christian or Jewish, and the second oath if not. The first oath may be modified to fit other religions.
It shall not be forced upon someone to use the religious form of the oath.

-HOUSE OF LORDS, COMMONS, AND OTHER GOVERNMENT POSITIONS

I, name, do solemnly swear that I will truly and faithfully, and to the best of my skill and knowledge, execute the powers and trusts reposed in me as a member of the House of ... So, help me God.
I, name, do promise that I will truly and faithfully, and to the best of my skill and knowledge, execute the powers and trusts reposed in me as a member of the House of…

-CITIZENSHIP

I, name, do solemnly swear that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to His Majesty John I by the Grace of God of Baustralia, King, His Heirs and Successors, and that I will faithfully observe the laws of Baustralia and fulfil my duties as a Baustralian citizen. So, help me God.
I, name, do promise that I will bear true allegiance to His Majesty John I of Baustralia, King, His Heirs and Successors, and that I will observe the laws of Baustralia and fulfil my duties as a Baustralian citizen.

-ARMED FORCES

I, name, do solemnly swear that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to His Majesty John I by the Grace of God of Baustralia, King, His Heirs and Successors. So, help me God.
I, name, do promise that I will bear true allegiance to His Majesty John I of Baustralia, King, His Heirs and Successors.

SUCCESSION LAW

The succession to the throne of Baustralia shall follow male-preference primogeniture. Kin, less descendants of John I, shall be barred from reigning over Baustralia.
If an heir is not able to be found, then the Kingdom shall be given to the Duke and Duchess of Cascadia.