CHAPTER 9 - AN ACT REGARDING THE UNION OF THE CROWNS OF THE KINGDOM OF BAUSTRALIA AND THE SECOND KINGDOM OF QUEBEC AND VERSAILLES; REGARDING THE TERMS OF MERGING; REGARDING THE TERMS OF SEPARATION; REGARDING LAW OF SUCCESSION; REGARDING TERMS OF THE KING OF QUEBEC AND VERSAILLES	

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:— 

1.   This Act extends to Baustralia only.
2.   This Act may be cited as the Union with Quebec Act, 2019.
3.   This Act shall come into force upon the Royal Assent of Aidan I of Quebec as well.

TERMS OF MERGING

4.   While this Act refers to the Second Kingdom of Quebec and Versailles, this shall include any changes to name, form of government, or change of head of state.
5.   The Kingdom of Baustralia and the Second Kingdom of Quebec and Versailles shall merge into one sovereign state known as the United Kingdom of Baustralia and Quebec or Baustralia for short.
6.   The current territory of Baustralia shall become a country within Baustralia known simply as Baustralia.
7.   The countries of Quebec and Versailles shall merge into one country known as Quebec and Versailles, or for short, either Quebec, or Versailles.
8.   The countries of Baustralia and Quebec shall be governed by the current sitting Parliament of Baustralia.
9.   A national assembly shall be founded in Quebec and consist of the Members of Parliament who reside in Quebec.
 a)   A minister of Parliament will be appointed to govern Quebec as it’s First Minister. They will be a member of the governing party, and chair the national assembly.
 b)   The First Minister of Baustralia shall not be created, but the duties thereof shall fall upon the Prime Minister.
  I.   Only the First Minister will have a seat in Baustralian Parliament.
 c)   The National Assembly cannot override a law passed in Baustralian Parliament. However, the First Minister can propose an Act in the said Parliament to exempt Quebec from a law.
 d)   Peers in Quebec are no longer considered peers, however, may continue to use their styles as courtesy titles. Former peers can request to have their peerage recreated in Baustralia.
10.  Members of the now dissolved Quebecois Armed Forces may become members of the Baustralian Armed Forces and report to the Sovereign or a recruiter to join. They shall be allowed to keep their rank.

TERMS OF SEPARATION

11.  After a referendum as described in the Seperation Act (2 John 1 c. 17) has been done, with the modifications that an Act of Parliament must be passed through Parliament effectively repealing this Act, and that the population shall also include those in the Country of Baustralia.

LAW OF SUCCESSION

12.  The law of succession shall follow that of the Kings and Queens of the Kingdom of Baustralia and shall not fall upon the King of Quebec.
13.  The law of succession shall follow male-preference primogeniture in accordance with the Modifications to the Succession Law of Baustralia (2 John 1 c. 11).
14.  Any monarchs in the future with the regnal name Aidan shall use Aidan II & I, I being the first Aidan to reign in Baustralia though the second to reign in Quebec. Monarchs after this shall follow suit. 
 a)   The order of the regnal number shall be the highest number followed by the lowest number.
 b)   Parliamentary citations will continue to use the Baustralian regnal calendar and thence use the Baustralian numeral, i.e. 1 Aidan 1 rather than 1 Aidan 2&1.

TERMS OF THE KING OF QUEBEC AND VERSAILLES

15.  Citizens of Quebec shall still be referred to as “Quebecois”. 
16.  In a similar manner, citizens of Baustralia shall be referred to as “Baustralians”.
17.  Quebec will have its own system of transportation and road networks.
18.  The capital of Quebec shall remain as Citadelle.
19.  The capital of Baustralia shall remain as Cascadia.
20.  The capital of the United Kingdom of Baustralia and Quebec shall be Cascadia.
21.  The official language of Quebec will remain French.