CHAPTER 10 - AN ACT RESPECTING ALL FIREARMS CONCEALED ON THE PERSON, ON AN ANIMAL, WITHIN A BAG, OR ELSEWHERE; REGARDING THE PUNISHMENT FOR THE CONVICTED; REGARDING THE TERMS FOR PROHIBITION

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:— 

1.   This Act may be cited as the Concealed Firearms Act, 2019.

DEFINITIONS

2.   ‘Concealed’ shall refer to any firearm that is hidden from sight.
3.   ‘Firearms’ shall refer to any weapon that is able to fire a projectile using a combustible material such as gunpowder or made to look as if it can do so.
4.   A ‘handgun’ shall be defined as “a gun designed for use by one hand, chiefly either a pistol or a revolver” (Handgun 2001).
5.   A ‘rifle’ shall be defined as “a gun, especially one fired from shoulder level, having a long spirally grooved barrel intended to make a bullet spin and thereby have greater accuracy over a long distance” (Rifle 2001).
6.   A ‘musket’ shall be defined as “a smooth-bore gun that ignited its charge by a spark produced with flint, thus obviating the need for a match and reducing the risk of powder explosions” (Musket 2001).

TERMS

7.   For a firearm to be concealed it must be registered when purchased.
8.   For a registered firearm to be concealed they must pay for a permit with a monthly fee to carry the firearm while concealed.
9.   In order to get said permit, they will need a police check or background check for any violent crimes.
10.  If the person has a past of violent crimes, they shall not be permitted to carry a concealed firearm.
11.  The firearm must be under the calibre of 9mm Mauser and must be semi-automatic and may not be automatic.
12.  The firearm must be within handgun, rifle or musket parameters.
13.  The cost of the said permit will be $50 monthly. 
14.  If a person is caught with a concealed firearm without a permit and without evidence of aggravating circumstances, the maximum penalty for carrying a concealed weapon is one year in jail and/or a $1,000 fine. One may also qualify for probation.
 a)   To qualify for probation the accused must not be aggressive in behaviour at the scene of the arrest or used the firearm aggressively.

BIBLIOGRAPHY

Handgun, 2001. The Oxford Essential Dictionary of the U.S. Military, 1. Oxford University Press.
Rifle, 2001. The Oxford Essential Dictionary of the U.S. Military, 1. Oxford University Press.
Musket, 2001. The Oxford Essential Dictionary of the U.S. Military, 1. Oxford University Press.