CHAPTER 11 - AN ACT RESPECTING THE “WRYTHE CONVENTION ON THE PREVENTION AND DENOUNCING OF FALSEHOODS WITHIN THE COMMUNITY OF SMALL STATES AND NATIONS” AND TO SIGN AS A KINGDOM THE DOCUMENT FORESTATED

Be it enacted by His Most Gracious and Excellent Majesty and by the consent of the Commons as follows:-
1.   This Act shall come into force immediately.
2.   This Act does not sign or force His Most Gracious and Excellent Majesty to sign the document, but to serve as a formal recognition of the document itself.
3.   It was stated that His Majesty wishes to sign this convention only under the will of the People, and thereby this Act must be passed for the signing. However, be it known to the People that the passing of this Act shall remain unbiased and solely the decision of the minds of the Ministers of Parliament.
4.   This Act may be known as the Wrythe Convention Act, 2019.
5.   The Wrythe Convention is found in the Schedule of this Act.

SCHEDULE

6.   The Wrythe Convention is as follows:-

THE WRYTHE CONVENTION ON THE PREVENTION AND DENOUNCING OF FALSEHOODS WITHIN THE COMMUNITY OF SMALL STATES AND NATIONS

Within the community of unrecognised small states, independence movements, and "micronations", there has often been a place for humorous aspects of culture, tongue-in-cheek embellishments, and legendary histories. However, we currently find ourselves in a situation whereby some persons are intentionally misrepresenting the facts regarding their projects in order to gain for themselves undeserved esteem and advantage. As this practice has the potential to deceive and defraud the unwary, and to discredit by association those small nations which are honest and factual, we, the undersigned, meeting at the imperial city of Wrythe this fifteenth day of September in the year two thousand and eighteen, do hereby agree that: 
1.   The following practices are unreservedly condemned and denounced
 a)   "Sockpuppeting", that is, creating false personas or characters (whether based on actual or fictional people) for the purposes of deception;
 b)   Identity theft, that is, posing as another real person for the purposes of deception; and 
 c)   False claims - whether regarding the size of a population, an area of land controlled, an aspect of history, or any other claim - if it is intended to be interpreted as wholly factual with no disclaimer or context given.
2.   False claims do not have to be explicit fabrications, but may take place by the intentional omission of detail and context to knowingly encourage an untrue perception amongst an audience.
3.   The signatories to this Convention shall not knowingly enter into any relations, diplomatic or otherwise, with any entities which engage in fabrications and falsehoods.
4.   Should any entity be fairly suspected of engaging in fabrications and falsehoods, that is reason enough to suspend any diplomatic relations with it that may be held; if the evidence for their participation in this behaviour is overwhelming, that is reason enough to revoke recognition of them altogether.
5.   James Klaassen-White and his "Kingdom of Catan" is singled out and condemned by name as one of the very few engaged in sockpuppeting, identity theft, false claims, and other fabrications who has not had the decency to cease such behaviour after it has been exposed.
6.   No signatory to this Convention, by co-signing it, necessarily extends recognition of any sort to any other signatory. The collective desire to ensure trust and honesty in the community transcends any diplomatic relations between individual states, nations, and entities. 
7.   This Covenant enters into force this present day of its signing, but is open for signature by any other state, nation, international organisation or sovereign entity, regardless of its recognition or lack thereof by any or all of the other signatories. 
Done at Wrythe, 15 September 2018