NOTE, SMALL CAPITALS ARE NOT DISPLAYED HERE (*)

CHAPTER 33 - AN ACT REGARDING THE INTERPRETATION OF BILLS AND ACTS OF THE PARLIAMENT OF BAUSTRALIA AND PURPOSES CONNECTED THEREWITH

PREFACE

Be it enacted* by His Most Gracious and excellent Majesty and the Commons assembled, the follows:-

TERMS

1.   This Act shall be known as the Interpretation Act, 2019.
2.   Interpretation of Bills and Acts are as follows:
 a)   Act* shall refer to an Act of the Parliament of Baustralia.
 b)   Act shall refer to an Act of any Parliament.
  I.   The above sections shall only affect future legislation. 
  II.  Note the usage of small caps.
  III. Where small caps unavailable, assume 2a as the defaulting case unless stated.
  IV.  To find whether small caps are available, find ‘Be it enacted*’. If the phrase appears in small caps, they are available, if in normal caps, it is unavailable
3.   ‘Be it enacted by His Most Gracious and Excellent Majesty as follows:-*’ shall be placed on any legislature written by His Majesty the King bypassing the Commons by virtue of the Monarchy (Powers) Act, 2019, 3 John 1 c. 14.
4.   ‘Be it enacted by His Most Gracious and Excellent Majesty and with the Consent of the Commons as follows:-*’ shall be placed on any legislature passing through Commons.
5.   All legislation marked with be it enacted has received Royal Assent.
6.   Legislation is any document made law through Parliament and His Majesty the King.
7.   Bills receive a citation above the long title with the following layout:
 a)   Bill Cx, for bills written by Commons members.
 b)   Bill Lx, for bills written by Peers in the House of Lords.
 c)   Bill Tx, for bills written or passed through the Throne.
 d)   Bill Px, for bills written by Great Officers of State not holding a seat, Admirals, Generals, or Air Marshals.
 e)   Bills shall be numbered by prefix. i.e. C, L, T, P, and their number shall substitute x.
8.   Acts of Parliament of Baustralia shall receive a citation in a similar location to that of Bills and shall follow this rule of citation:
 a)   Regnal year as described in the Calendar Act, 3 John 1 c. 30.
 b)   Chapter number following ‘c.’
 c)   An example is 3 John 1 c. 1 (Abbreviated form)
 d)   The citation may be read as
  I.   Third John One Chapter One (Short form)
  II.  The First Chapter of the Statute of the Parliamentary Session that sat in the Third Year of the Reign of King John I. (Long form)
  III. On legislation, the long form or the abbreviated form shall be used.
9.   On certain Acts of Parliament relating to a person, the pronoun he and him are to be understood as any human: male, female, etc.
10.  The National Defence Act 2018, 1 John 1 c. 1 of the Parliament of Fox Islands is repealed.
11.  Her Majesty's Declaration of Abdication Act 2018, 1 Kat. & 1 John 1 c. 1 of the Parliament of Edstmae is repealed.
12.  It is to be noticed the two Parliaments above have since been dissolved.