CHAPTER 98 - AN ACT RESPECTING THE OFFICES OF GOVERNMENT

Whereas, members from all parties in the Baustralian Parliament have come together to write one bill, for one government, for the benefit of all, be it enacted by His Most Gracious and Excellency the King and with the consent of the current Commons assembled, the following:-

1.   This Act shall be known as the Government (No. 2) Act, 2020.
2.   This Act lays out the procedures of government, and His Majesty has the right to exercise his prerogative to modify permanently or temporarily the duties of these offices.

HIS MAJESTY THE KING AND HIS SUCCESSORS

3.   His Majesty the King is the authorizing power in the Government and in Parliament.
4.   All Acts must be signed through him, and no Act is exempt from being signed by him.
5.   It is the King’s decision to sign an Act, and he shall not be pressured into or out of signing an Act of Parliament.

LORD HIGH TREASURER

6.   The office of Lord High Treasurer is a Great Officer of State and is an office customarily given to the Prime Minister.
7.   This office heads the Treasury and acts as its minister.

PRIME MINISTER

8.   The office of Prime Minister takes care of leading His Royal Government as head of the government.
9.   The Prime Minister represents the nation in foreign visits, similar to His Majesty the King.

DEPUTY PRIME MINISTER

10.  The office of Deputy Prime Minister deputizes for the Prime Minister at functions and speeches.
11.  The Deputy Prime Minister does not take over for the Prime Minister in cases of resignation, death, etc.

COLONIAL OFFICE

12.  The Colonial Office takes care of Baustralian colonies and dependencies.
13.  This office is headed by the Secretary of State for the Colonies.

COMMUNICATIONS OFFICE

14.  The Communications Office takes care of the public relations of Parliament and His Royal Government.
15.  The Office will post updates on social media, and will maintain websites run by the Empire of Baustralia, and of the Baustralian Armed Forces.
16.  The Office is headed by the Secretary of State for Communications.

ECONOMY OFFICE

17.  The Economy Office takes care of Baustralian financial affairs and oversees the minting and printing of the Boerc – the official currency of the Empire of Baustralia.
18.  This office falls under the purview of the Prime Minister, who is ex officio the Lord High Treasurer, and the Secretary of State for the Economy.

ENVIRONMENT OFFICE

19.  The Environment Office takes care of environmental affairs, reducing Baustralia’s effect on the climate change crisis, and advises the Prime Minister, and other cabinet ministers on how they may reduce their footprint.
20.  The Office is headed by the Secretary of State for the Environment.

FOREIGN AFFAIRS OFFICE

21.  The Foreign Affairs Office takes care of external affairs and gives the Empire representation to when speaking with other nations outside of her Empire.
22.  The Office is headed by the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs.

JUSTICE OFFICE

23.  The Justice Office takes care of creating criminal law, the enforcement thereof, and for ensuring a legal and just process is in place and remains legal and just.
24.  The office is headed by the Secretary of State for Justice.

ROUTES OFFICE

25.  The Routes Office takes care of ensuring the safety of vehicles on Baustralian roads and other such infrastructure.
26.  The Routes Office also takes care of designating and allocating route numbers and maintaining roads.

OTHER OFFICES

27.  Any other offices which may be required as necessary may be formed through an Act of Parliament with such layout as this Act.