CHAPTER 42 - AN ACT TO DEFINE THE RIGHTS OF A BAUSTRALIAN CITIZEN, THAT OF A COLONIAL CITIZEN, THAT OF AN OSTREI CITIZEN, AND PURPOSES CONNECTED THEREWITH

Be it enacted by his Most Gracious and Excellent Majesty and with the Consent of the Commons, the following:-
1.   This Act shall be cited as the Human Rights Act, 2020.
2.   Same-sex marriage is legal in all provinces, colonies, and in the Empire of Ostreum.
3.   Abortion is legal in all provinces.
4.   Everyone may have freedom:
 a)   of conscience and religion;
 b)   of thought, belief, expression, opinion, including of the press, and other mass media;
 c)   of peaceful assembly;
 d)   and of association;
5.   This Act is limited only by reasonable limits as prescribed by law.
6.   All citizens may vote for, and to apply to be, a member of the Parliament of Baustralia, or any other legislature in Baustralia, the colonies or Ostreum, in accordance with 2 John 1 c. 12 (Citizenship Act).
7.   Parliament of Baustralia or any other legislature must sit at least once per annum.
8.   All citizens of the Empire may roam, enter, live, and leave Baustralia and her Empire.
9.   All citizens have the right to denounce citizenship, provided they do so in front of His Majesty, or his successors, or a Baustralian judge.
10.  No one may be deprived of his security, life, or safety except in accordance with Baustralian law.
11.  No one may be subject to unreasonable search, seizure, detention or imprisonment, all in accordance with statutes describing criminal acts such as treason.
12.  It must be made promptly known to an arrestee or someone charged the reasons therefor, to be allowed to have and instruct counsel without delay and to be informed of this right, and to validate the detention by way of habeas corpus, and to be released if found invalid.
13.  No one may be cruelly or unusually punished.
14.  If members of a proceeding speak not the language used, or are deaf, they are entitled to an interpreter.
15.  Every person is equal and deserves equal treatment in the eye of the law, regardless of race, gender, identity, etc.
16.  All rights and freedoms are guaranteed equally to men, women, and other sexes.
17.  English is the official language of Baustralia, and will be used in the Parliament of Baustralia, or any legislature.
18.  All such rights infringed may be brought to a court to obtain a remedy as seen appropriate by the court.
19.  All labour unions have a right to strike, provided it is in good faith.