CHAPTER 13 - AN ACT REGARDING THE IMPERIAL BOUNDARIES, TO REPEAL THE FIFTY-SECOND STATUTE OF THE PARLIAMENT WHICH SAT DURING THE FOURTH YEAR OF THE REIGN OF KING JOHN I, TO REAFFIRM THE CURRENTLY RECOGNIZED BOUNDARIES, AND FOR PURPOSES CONNECTED THEREWITH

Be it enacted by His Most Gracious Majesty as follows:-

1.   This Act shall be known as the Imperial Boundaries Act, 2022.
2.   The layout of divisions contained within 4 John 1 c. 52 (Imperial Boundaries Act, 2021) will be repealed.
3.   The Kingdom of Baustralia shall consist of six divisions, or counties.
 a)   The County of Holderton shall consist of five divisions, or municipalities.
  I.   The Municipality of Holderton County shall consist of two divisions, or regions.
   i)   The Region of Holderton County shall consist of municipal land east of Hastings County Road 40 of Ontario
   ii)  The Region of Tremur shall consist of municipal land west of the aforementioned county road.
  II.  The Municipality of Concord County shall consist of two divisions, or regions.
   i)   The Region of Cascadia shall consist of municipal lands north of Highway 31.
   ii)  The Region of Concord shall consist of all municipal lands south of the aforementioned highway.
  III. The Municipality of Smithfield shall consist of five divisions, or regions.
   i)   The Region of Greystone County shall consist of the municipal enclave about the residence of the Marquess of Smithfield.
   ii)  The Region of Wooler shall consist of the municipal enclave within the Wooler ward of the City of Quinte West, Ontario.
   iii) The Region of Daytona shall consist of the municipal enclave north of the County of Holderton.
   iv)  The Region of Paradisium shall consist of the municipal enclave within the Municipality of Brighton, Ontario.
   v)   The Region of London shall consist of the municipal enclave bordering Lake Ontario.
  IV.  The Municipality of Red County shall consist of three divisions, or regions.
   i)   The Region of Flavora City shall consist of the woods within Hanna Park in the City of Quinte West, Ontario.
   ii)  The Region of Twissex shall consist of the remainder of connected municipal land.
   iii) The Region of Atlas shall consist of the municipal enclave off of the Region of Twissex.
  V.   The Municipality of O’Neil is undivided, and consists of the former territory of the Colony of Edstmae.
 b)   The County of Mild Pond shall consist of two divisions, or municipalities.
  I.   The Municipality of Wabasso shall consist of two divisions, or regions.
   i)   The Region of Greenwich consists of the fields on the north side of Peterborough County Road 4 of Ontario and west of the red gate midfield.
   ii)  The Region of Saint George’s comprises the east portion of the municipality.
  II.  The Municipality of Westminster is undivided and consists of the property on the south side of Wabasso, across the aforementioned county road.
 c)   The County of Landspotter shall consist of three divisions, or municipalities, all of which are undivided.
  I.   The Municipality of Seamanhattan shall consist of county land within Mountain Lake.
  II.  The Municipality of Middlesex shall consist of county land within London, Ontario.
  III. The Municipality of McNevin shall consist of county land within Skootamatta Lake.
 d)   The County of New Texas shall consist of two divisions, or municipalities, both of which are undivided.
  I.   The Municipality of Braunfels shall consist of county land within New Braunfels, Texas.
  II.  The Municipality of Northumbria shall consist of all other county land.
 e)   The County of Nova shall contain one municipality, the Municipality of Nova.
 f)   The County of Newport shall contain one municipality, the Municipality of Marlborough.
4.   The Colony of the Fox Islands shall contain one municipality, the Municipality of Davidson.
5.   The Colony of Ostreum shall consist of three divisions, or provinces.
 a)   The Province of Blairtopia shall contain one municipality, the Municipality of Cornwall.
 b)   The Province of Mayhew shall consist of two divisions, or municipalities, both of which are undivided.
  I.   The Municipality of Kingstown shall consist of provincial land about the sand track up to Second Dug Hill Road.
  II.  The Municipality of Mayhew shall consist of provincial land past the sand track up to Front Street.
6.   The Colony of Wangatangia shall contain one province.
 a)   The Province of Bouland shall consist of two divisions, or municipalities, both of which are undivided.
  I.   The Municipality of Englewood shall consist of provincial land within Quinte West, Ontario.
  II.  The Municipality of Cannifton shall consist of provincial land within Belleville, Ontario.
7.   The Colony of Whiskey Islands shall contain one municipality, the Municipality of Wells.