CHAPTER 1 - AN ACT REGARDING TITLES AND STYLES IN THE KINGDOM OF BAUSTRALIA

Be it enacted by His Most Gracious Majesty and with the consent of the Commons as follows:-
1.   This Act shall be known as the Titles and Styles Act, 2021.
2.   Located in the schedule of this Act is a list of styles and titles, in the order of precedence.
3.   No person in the Baustralian Empire shall adopt a style or title in violation of this Act.
4.   Members of the Baustralian Armed Forces, including retired members, but not dishonourably discharged members, may adopt the rank as their title

SCHEDULE

His/Her Majesty (HM)
A style granted to Kings or Queens Regent of Baustralia, as well as Queens Dowager, and Queens Consort. Used for the consorts of Queens Regent, if the consort is also a monarch. 
Other forms include Your Majesty, Their Majesties, and Sir or Ma’am.

His/Her Royal Highness (HRH)
A style granted to Princes and Princesses of Baustralia. Also granted to the consort of a Queen Regent.
Other forms include Your Royal Highness, Their Royal Highnesses, and Sir or Ma’am.

His/Her Excellency (HE)
A style granted to foreign ambassadors, and High Commissioners.
Other forms include Your Excellency, Their Excellencies, and Sir or Ma’am.

His Holiness (HH)
A style granted to the Bishop of Rome. Other forms include Your Holiness.

His Beatitude (HB)
A style granted to patriarchs of the Eastern Catholic Church. Other forms include His Beatitude.

His Eminence (HEm)
A style granted to cardinals of the Roman Catholic Church. Other forms include Your Eminence.

The Most Reverend (The Most Rev.)
A style granted to primates, bishops and archbishops. Your Grace is used in conversation with archbishops and primates, and My Lord or my Lady with bishops.

The Right Reverend (The Rt. Rev.)
A style granted to abbots, abbesses, prioresses, et cetera.

The Venerable (The Ven.)
A style granted to archdeacons, et cetera.

The Very Reverend (The Very Rev.)
A style granted to vicars general, deans, priors, et cetera.

The Reverend Canon (The Rev. Can.)
A style granted to canons.

The Reverend (The Rev.)
A style granted to Christian clergy.

The Most High, Noble, and Potent Prince or Princess
A style granted to peers holding a dukedom.

Other forms include The Most Noble, His or Her Grace, Their Grace, and Sir or Ma’am.
The Most Noble and Puissant Prince

A style granted to peers holding a marquessate.
Other forms include the Most Honourable, His/Her Lordship, my Lord, my Lady, Sir or Ma’am.

The Right Honourable (The Rt. Hon.) 
A style granted to peers holding a county, viscounty, barony. Also granted to members of the Parliament of Baustralia, and the Supreme Judge of Baustralia.
Other forms include Your Right Honour, His or Her Right Honour.

The Honourable (The Hon.)
A style granted to daughters of peers, and sons not inheriting peerage. Also granted to members of legislative bodies, except the Parliament of Baustralia, and judges.
Other forms include Your Honour, His or Her Honour.

The Right Worshipful (The Rt. Wpful.)
A style granted to lords mayor of Cascadia and magistrates.
Other forms include Your Right Worship, His or Her Right Worship.

His or Her Worship (HW)
A style granted to mayors of towns and cities in Baustralia, as well as justices of the peace.
Other forms include Your Worship, Their Worship.

His or Her Lordship (His/Her Ldsp)
A style granted to any peers, less dukes. 
Other forms include Your Lordship, My Lord, My Lady, Their Lordships

Sir
A style used by Knights in Baustralia and male officers of the Baustralian Armed Forces in address only.

Lady
A style used by Ladies of the Most Noble Order of the Gadus.

Dame
A style used by female members of Baustralian orders of chivalry.

Madam
A style used by female officers of the Baustralian Armed Forces in address only. Ma’am is a common alternative.

Mr.
A style used by men, over the age of 18, under the rank of Knight. Pronounced as “mister”.

Master (Mast)
A style used by men, over the age of 18, under the rank of Knight.

Miss (Ms.)
A style used by women, over the age of 18, unmarried women, and women using their maiden name after marriage.

Mrs.
A style used by married women. Pronounced “missus”.

Mx.
An alternate style for Mr., Master, Ms., and Mrs., which does not indicate gender.

Esquire (Esq.)
A style for a male who has a grant of arms, but holds no other style. This is positioned as a suffix, before any post-nominals. It may not be used pre-nominally.