CHAPTER 36 - AN ACT TO DEFINE LEVELS OF CONFIDENTIALITY OF DOCUMENTS WITHIN THE KINGDOM OF BAUSTRALIA, THE EMPIRE, OR BY SUBJECTS OF THE EMPIRE ABROAD, AND FOR PURPOSES CONNECTED THEREWITH

Be it enacted by His Most Gracious and Excellent Majesty, and with the Consent of the Current Commons assembled, the following:-
1.   This Act shall be known as the Official Secrets Act, 2023, T6161.

PERSONNEL

2.   Personnel accessing restricted documents must have appropriate clearance to view the material and have the need to know.
3.   Clearance may be granted to foreign personnel, provided the document isn’t marked “BAUSTRALIANS ONLY”.
4.   The punitive risks of disclosing restricted documents shall remain risks for Baustralian subjects in foreign territory, and may be prosecuted for these crimes outside Baustralian jurisdiction, upon their return or extradition to Baustralia, or the Empire.
5.   Documents marked “3818” may be viewed by these specific offices:
 a)   The Sovereign of Baustralia.
 b)   The Prime Minister of Baustralia.
 c)   The Sovereign of Ikonia.
 d)   The Sovereign of Kapreburg.
 e)   The President of Paloma.

MOST SECRET DOCUMENTS

6.   Most secret documents are documents which, if released, could pose most significant and great danger to the Kingdom, Empire, or her subjects.
7.   If a person, without appropriate clearance, releases such a document, he may be imprisoned indefinitely, or at a minimum of twenty years.
8.   If a person, without appropriate clearance, knowingly accesses such a document, he may be imprisoned for twenty years, or at a minimum of five years.

SECRET DOCUMENTS

9.   Secret documents are documents which, if released, could cause serious damage to the Kingdom, Empire, or her subjects.
10.  If a person, without appropriate clearance, releases such a document, he may be imprisoned indefinitely, or at a minimum of ten years.
11.  If a person, without appropriate clearance, knowingly accesses such a document, he may be imprisoned for fifteen years, or at a minimum of two years. 

CONFIDENTIAL DOCUMENTS

12.  Confidential documents are documents which, if released, could cause damage to the Kingdom or Empire.
13.  If a person, without appropriate clearance, releases such a document, he may be imprisoned for twenty years, or at a minimum of five years.
14.  If a person, without appropriate clearance, knowingly accesses such a document, he may be imprisoned for five years, or be subject to a ᛒ5 000 boerc fine. 

PROTECTED DOCUMENTS

15.  C-type protected documents are documents which contain highly sensitive information on subjects of the Empire, e.g. Informants in criminal investigations. 
16.  B-type protected documents are documents which contain sensitive information on subjects of the Empire, e.g. Medical records of service personnel.
17.  A-type protected documents are documents which contain very low-sensitivity information on subjects of the Empire, e.g. Employee number, bank information. 
18.  Any person who discloses such information without legal justification may be subject to a ᛒ500 boerc fine, or one year imprisonment. 

DECLASSIFICATION

19.  A Freedom of Information request may be considered by the government, or by a high court such as the Supreme Court of Baustralia, or the House of Lords, and upon inspection by an intelligence task force of the Baustralian Armed Forces, to change the classification of a document.
20.  Such requests shall only be considered for material of category Secret and lower. 
21.  Declassification of Most secret documents shall be at the will, and sole discretion, of the Sovereign. 