CHAPTER 35 - AN ACT TO CODIFY THE STATUS OF AIDES-DE-CAMP, AND AIDES-DE-CAMP TO THE SOVEREIGN, AND FOR PURPOSES CONNECTED THEREWITH

Be it enacted by His Most Gracious and Excellent Majesty, the following:-

1.   This Act shall be known as the Aides-de-Camp Act, 2023, Bill T6151.
2.   Aides-de-Camp, or also known in His Majesty’s Royal Navy as Flag Lieutenants, are
 a)   officers attached to the personal staff of a senior officer of His Majesty’s Baustralian Armed Forces,
 b)   and serve as a communicator of a particular officer’s orders.
3.   The Sovereign may appoint as many Personal Aides-de-Camp as he wishes.
 a)   Personal Aides-de-Camp are not to be described as Personal Flag Lieutenants, however, may be described as Personal Naval Aides-de-Camp.
 b)   The first and principal naval aide-de-camp is the most senior Personal Naval Aide-de-Camp, and ranks Admiral of the Fleet.
  I.   At the time of enactment, it was Admiral of the Fleet Sir John Timpson.
 c)   The general aide-de-camp is the most senior Personal Aide-de-Camp, and ranks Field Marshal.
  I.   At the time of enactment, it was Field Marshal Dhrubajyoti Roy, 1st Earl of Westminster.
 d)   Personal aides-de-camp may not themselves have aide-de-camps, even if they are so permitted by rank.
 e)   No specific rank is required of a personal aide-de-camp, though must be a commissioned officer.
4.   Royal officers may appoint aides-de-camp of higher rank than permitted by their service rank as denoted below.
5.   Admirals of the Fleet may appoint four officers to be a flag lieutenant, one commodore, one captain, and two commanders.
6.   Field Marshals may appoint four officers to be an aide-de-camp, one brigadier, one colonel, and two lieutenant colonels.
7.   Admirals may appoint three officers to be a flag lieutenant, one captain, and two commanders.
8.   Generals may appoint three officers to be an aide-de-camp, one colonel, and two lieutenant colonels.
9.   Vice admirals may appoint two commanders to be a flag lieutenant.
10.  Lieutenant generals may appoint two lieutenant colonels to be an aide-de-camp.
11.  Rear admirals may appoint a commander to be a flag lieutenant.
12.  Major generals may appoint a lieutenant colonel to be an aide-de-camp.
13.  Colonels may appoint a captain to be an aide-de-camp.
14.  Captains may appoint a lieutenant to be a flag lieutenant.
15.  Aide-de-camp and flag lieutenant positions must be filled from the lowest rank upward.
16.  Personal aides-de-camp wear an aiguillette from the left shoulder, and wear on the shoulder board/strap the cypher of the Sovereign.
17.  Aides-de-camp and flag lieutenants to members of the Royal Family wear an aiguillette from the right shoulder, and wear on the shoulder board/strap the cypher of the particular member.
18.  Aides-de-camp and flag lieutenants wear an aiguillette from the right shoulder, and wear on the shoulder board/strap the following:
 a)   Chief of the Defence Staff: A miniature ensign of the Baustralian Armed Forces.
 b)   First Sea Lord and Chief of the Naval Staff: A miniature ensign of His Royal Navy.
 c)   Chief of the General Staff: A miniature ensign of the Baustralian Army.
 d)   Deputy Chief of the Defence Staff: A miniature badge of the Baustralian Armed Forces.
 e)   Second Sea Lord and Deputy Chief of the Naval Staff: A miniature badge of His Royal Navy.
 f)   Deputy Chief of the General Staff: A miniature badge of the Baustralian Army.
19.  Only cyphers of the Sovereign will be retained for wear after the relinquishment of their appointment, and the rest will be returned.
20.  If a current aide-de-camp or flag lieutenant has the cypher of two monarchs, or was formerly a personal aide-de-camp to the Sovereign, the two marks are worn side-by-side.
21.  No other marks are permitted for wear for aides-de-camp of posts not listed in section 17.
22.  Aides-de-Camp to the Sovereign will wear the post-nominal ADC(P).
23.  Aides-de-Camp and Flag lieutenants will both wear the post-nominal ADC, regardless of service branch and particular title.
24.  Naval lieutenants who are flag lieutenants may prefix his rank with Flag, i.e. Flag lieutenant John Smith.