CHAPTER 5 - AN ACT TO AUTHORIZE A REFERENDUM OF A FOURTH ARMORIAL ACHIEVEMENT OF THE KINGDOM OF BAUSTRALIA, AND FOR PURPOSES CONNECTED THEREWITH

Be it enacted, by His Most Gracious and Excellent Majesty, and with the Consent of the Current Commons assembled, the following:-
1.   This Act shall be known as the National Symbols (Referendum) Act, Bill C621.
2.   Upon enactment, a referendum of the following format shall be authorized to be conducted in the Kingdom of Baustralia. 
3.   The following questions will be raised:
 a)   To keep or adopt a new design of the Royal Arms of this Realm, as described in the blazon section, and with images in the Schedule of this Act.
 b)   To keep or adopt a new design of the Arms of the County of Landspotter, as described in the same manner.
 c)   To adopt a design for the Arms of the County of Newport, as described in the same manner.
 d)   To adopt a design for the Arms of the County of Dynexistan, as described in the same manner.
 e)   To adopt a design for the Arms of the County of Vienna, as described in the same manner. 
4.   In order for the Royal Arms to be changed, if approved by popular vote, to the described design, the new arms of the County of Landspotter and the proposed arms of the County of Newport must be approved by popular vote.

BLAZON

5.   The blazon for the Royal Arms is as follows:
 a)   For a crest, upon a royal helm crowned royal, a lion passant guardant crowned royal. For an escutcheon, Quarterly, I: Quarterly, Per bend sinister Purpure and Or a lion rampant counterchanged, Quarterly, Gules and Argent, II: Tierced per fess Gules Argent and Azure, two men jousting, the dexter man bearing the standard of the Royal Family of Canada and a coronet of a United Empire Loyalist, the sinister man bearing the flag of Baustralia and crowned royally, in chief three maple leaves Or, in base three cloverleafs Vert, III: Or, on a fess wavy Azure a lion passant contourn´e armed and langued Azure, in chief two fleursde-lys Azure, and in base two inverted fleurs-de-lys Azure, IV: Azure a luce haurient Argent and a bordure Argent, overall an inescutcheon, in Canadian pale Azure and Argent a Baustralian fish naiant tranchant Azure. For supporters, dexter, a stag, sinister, a bear gorged with a circlet Gules bearing the shield of the House of Caravaggio. For a compartment, per pale, dexter a mount vert, sinister a limestone rock. For a motto, Dieu et mon droit.
6.   The blazon for the new design of the Arms of Landspotter is as follows:
 a)   For a coronet, a mural crown. For an escutcheon, Tierced per fess Gules Argent and Azure, two men jousting, the dexter man bearing the standard of the Royal Family of Canada and a coronet of a United Empire Loyalist, the sinister man bearing the flag of Baustralia and crowned royally, in chief three maple leaves Or, in base three cloverleafs Vert.
7.   The blazon for the proposed design of the Arms of Newport is as follows:
 a)   For a coronet, a mural crown. For an escutcheon, Or, on a fess wavy Azure a lion passant contourné armed and langued Azure, in chief two fleurs-de-lys Azure, and in base two inverted fleurs-de-lys Azure.
8.   The blazon for the proposed design of the Arms of Dynexistan is as follows:
 a)   For a coronet, a mural crown. For an escutcheon, Azure on a bend Argent, a maple leaf Vert, a mullet of eight rays Or fimbriated Gules, and a mullet of five rays Gules.
9.   The blazon for the proposed design of the Arms of Vienna is as follows:
 a)   For a coronet, a mural crown. For an escutcheon, parted by a bend wavy Gules fimbriated Argent, Tenné and Azure, in sinister chief an inescutcheon of the House of Parker, in dexter base a mound vert with a stream and tree Proper. 